ONNX model demo improvement (#3975)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: demos/using_onnx_model/python/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo describe steps for deployment of ONNX vision model.
It doesn't require any model conversion step. To make it even simpler and faster for the client, it builds-in image preprocessing layers. 
```

Below is a complete functional use case using Python 3.7 or higher.
For this example let's use a public [ONNX ResNet](https://github.com/onnx/models/tree/main/validated/vision/classification/resnet) model - resnet50-caffe2-v1-9.onnx model.

> This model requires additional [preprocessing function](https://github.com/onnx/models/tree/main/validated/vision/classification/resnet#preprocessing). Preprocessing can be performed in the client by manipulating data before sending the request, but a more efficient way is to delegate preprocessing to the server by setting preprocessing parameters. Server side preprocessing may have an impact on the performance by reducing amount of data sent, as `uint8` instead of `fp32`. More information about preprocessing parameters is available in [parameters.md](../../../docs/parameters.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model was trained using an additional [preprocessing](https://github.com/onnx/models/tree/main/validated/vision/classification/resnet#preprocessing). For inference, preprocessing can be executed on the client side by transforming the input data before sending the request. However, a more efficient approach is to delegate preprocessing to the server by configuring the appropriate preprocessing parameters.
Here will be adjusted `mean`, `scale`, `color` and `layout`. In addition to that, input precision conversion from fp32 to uint8 can improve performance and bandwidth efficiency. Raw images can be transmitted using more compact uint8 data, significantly reducing the payload size and lowering client‑side compute requirements.
More details about [parameters](../../../docs/parameters.md).
```

> ## Adding preprocessing to the server side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Model deployment with preprocessing
```

Clone the repository and enter using_onnx_model directory

```bash
git clone https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server.git
cd model_server/demos/using_onnx_model/python
```

Prepare environment
```bash

> pip install -r requirements.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
It should be for client only

curl --fail -L --create-dirs https://github.com/onnx/models/raw/main/validated/vision/classification/resnet/model/resnet50-caffe2-v1-9.onnx -o workspace/resnet50-onnx/1/resnet50-caffe2-v1-9.onnx
```

Start the OVMS container with additional preprocessing options:
```bash
docker run -d -u $(id -u):$(id -g) -v $(pwd)/workspace:/workspace -p 9001:9001 openvino/model_server:latest \
--model_path /workspace/resnet50-onnx --model_name resnet --port 9001 --layout NHWC:NCHW --mean "[123.675,116.28,103.53]" --scale "[58.395,57.12,57.375]" --shape "(1,224,224,3)" --color_format BGR:RGB --precision uint8:fp32

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Note: While adding preprocessing to the model input, shape needs to be set as static.
```

Run the client:
```bash
python onnx_model_demo.py --service_url localhost:9001
```
Output:
```
Running inference with image: ../../common/static/images/bee.jpeg
Class with highest score: 309
Detected class name: bee
```

> The client can be also run with flag `--load_image` which loads input image as uint8. In this case the image needs to be resized and batch dimension needs to be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client can be also run with flag `--send_tensor` which reads encoded input image and sends it with uint8 precision.
```
